README.md, before:

# Project Title
PBMC Staining


## Installation

For specific Python packages, a pre-defined Anaconda environment has been provided in `src/environment.yml`.

To set up the environment, run the following command:

```sh
conda env create -f src/environment.yml
```

This will create an Anaconda environment with all the necessary dependencies.

## Usage

To use the project, you can either run the `__main__.py` file in the top-level directory for full operation, or you can execute individual scripts in the `src` directory for further inspection and specific tasks.

### Running the Full Operation

```sh
python __main__.py
```

### Running Individual Scripts

You can navigate to the `src` directory and run any of the available scripts. For example:

```sh
python src/extraction.py
```

Each script in the `src` directory performs specific functions, and you can iterate through them based on your requirements.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

For any questions or concerns, please contact Marc Birtwistle at mbirtwi@clemson.edu.

```

Commit message:

replacing with more described files

README.md, after:

# Project Title
PBMC Staining


## Installation

For specific Python packages, a requirements file has been provided at 'src/requirements.txt'.

Assuming Python is installed, to set up the package environment, run the following command:

```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

This will install all necessary dependencies.

## Usage

To use the project, you can either run the `__main__.py` file in the top-level directory for full operation, or you can execute individual scripts in the `src` directory for further inspection and specific tasks.

### Running the Full Operation

```sh
python __main__.py
```

### Running Individual Scripts

You can navigate to the `src` directory and run any of the available scripts. For example:

```sh
cd src
python extraction.py
```

Each script in the `src` directory performs specific functions, and you can iterate through them based on your requirements.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

For any questions or concerns, please contact Marc Birtwistle at mbirtwi@clemson.edu.

```
